backport: bitcoin#18875,11413,16946,17824,18601,18585,20271,19871,20039 (#5360)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes-11413.md

Updated or changed RPC
----------------------

> The `bumpfee`, `fundrawtransaction`, `sendmany`, `sendtoaddress`, and `walletcreatefundedpsbt`
> RPC commands have been updated to include two new fee estimation methods "BTC/kB" and "sat/B".
> The target is the fee expressed explicitly in the given form. Note that use of this feature
> will trigger BIP 125 (replace-by-fee) opt-in.
> 
> In addition, the `estimate_mode` parameter is now case insensitive for all of the above RPC commands.
> 
> The `bumpfee` command now uses `conf_target` rather than `confTarget` in the options.

Reviewer: 11413: we don't have bip125/rbf/`bumpfee`
```suggestion
The `fundrawtransaction`, `sendmany`, `sendtoaddress`, and `walletcreatefundedpsbt`
RPC commands have been updated to include two new fee estimation methods "DASH/kB" and "duff/B".
The target is the fee expressed explicitly in the given form.

In addition, the `estimate_mode` parameter is now case insensitive for all of the above RPC commands.
```
